Summer 2019 Fanart Contest Results newspost (#2410)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-08-07-summer-2019-fanart-contest-results.md

**2586** people squealed at [**Arind**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12116469)'s startled Mocha dropping her balloons mid-way through a waterfight with pippi. Let's be honest, we all know pippi has better aim here.

------------

And now, for a little bit of a sombre moment.

In homage to the recent losses suffered by Kyoto Animation, [**snowyani2000**](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/2691590) has worked with us to create a tribute piece honouring many of the beloved series produced by the studio that a huge number of us know and love.

To Kyoto Animation, we thank you for all that you have done, and we wish you all the best in these trying times.

[![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/79/snowyani2k-thumb.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/79/snowyani2000-KyoAniTribute.jpg)

*Click on the image for a full-size, uncompressed version.*

This piece will be featured alongside the winning fifteen entries above as a part of the Summer 2019 seasonal backgrounds pack.

*As always, you can download a zip archive of all winning entries (plus the tribute above) in full size via [this link](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/79/SummerFanart2019Winners.zip).*

------------

> Thank you to everyone who participated - this year marks the *biggest* our Fan Art contests have ever gotten. So big in fact, that we're thinking we may have to sit down and reassess just how voting will work in the future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to everyone who participated - this year marks the *biggest* our Fanart contests have ever gotten. So big in fact, that we're thinking we may have to sit down and reassess just how voting will work in the future.
```
